add Titan for TiDB Best Practices on Public Cloud (#18432) (#18535)
pingcap/docs: best-practices-on-public-cloud.md

To alleviate the bottleneck caused by limited disk throughput, you can improve performance by [enabling Titan](#enable-titan). If your average row size is smaller than 512 bytes, Titan is not applicable. In this case, you can improve performance by [increasing all the compression levels](#increase-all-the-compression-levels).

### Enable Titan

[Titan](/storage-engine/titan-overview.md) is a high-performance [RocksDB](https://github.com/facebook/rocksdb) plugin for key-value separation, which can reduce write amplification in RocksDB when large values are used.

If your average row size is larger than 512 bytes, you can enable Titan to reduce the compaction I/O flow as follows, with `min-blob-size` set to `"512B"` or `"1KB"` and `blob-file-compression` set to `"zstd"`:

```toml
[rocksdb.titan]
enabled = true
[rocksdb.defaultcf.titan]
min-blob-size = "1KB"
blob-file-compression = "zstd"
```

> **Note:**
>

> > When Titan is enabled, there might be a slight performance degradation for range scans on the primary key. For more information, see [Impact of `min-blob-size` on performance](/storage-engine/titan-overview.md#impact-of-min-blob-size-on-performance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When Titan is enabled, there might be a slight performance degradation for range scans on the primary key. For more information, see [Impact of `min-blob-size` on performance](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/titan-overview#impact-of-min-blob-size-on-performance).
```
